[docs] Improve the "Why Ray" and "Why AIR" sections of the docs (#27480)
ray-project/ray: README.rst

.. _`RLlib`: https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/rllib/index.html
.. _`ecosystem of community integrations`: https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/ray-libraries.html

Why Ray?
--------

> Today's ML workloads are increasingly compute intensive. As convenient as they are, single-node development environments such as your laptop cannot scale to it: there is a need for a unified way to scale from a laptop to a cluster.
> 
> Ray is this unified way to scale Python and AI applications.
> 
> With Ray, you can seamlessly scale the same code from laptops to clusters. Ray's underlying generality also means it can handle any workload with the best performance possible-- so you can run one system instead of many.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today's ML workloads are increasingly compute-intensive. As convenient as they are, single-node development environments such as your laptop cannot scale to meet these demands.

Ray is a unified way to scale Python and AI applications from a laptop to a cluster.

With Ray, you can seamlessly scale the same Python code from a laptop to a cluster. Ray is also designed to be general-purpose, meaning that it can handle any workload and still provide the best performance. If your application is written in Python, you can scale it with Ray. No other systems required.
```

Not really sure about the "best performance" part...
